h1. Koi

Koi is a unique microframework written in PHP 5.3. Unlike most frameworks these days Koi isn't
a half-finished port of an existing framework (yes, I'm talking about all Sinatra forks in PHP).
Instead Koi provides features that take advantage of PHP, provides unlimited features and is
_very_ fast. Koi has the following features:

* Use the same code for both web and commandline applications
* Very good performance, the average "Hello, world" benchmark (as unrealistic as it is) executes
in about 800 requests/sec.
* Support for any template engine. Out of the box Koi supports plain PHP, Dwoo and Mustache.
It's also very easy to add your own driver.
* No MVC or any other pattern, your free to choose whatever structure you like. This makes Koi very
easy to use as a base for your own framework.

More information will be added soon on the Github page for Koi.

h2. Basic Usage

Using Koi is piss easy and only requires 1 file at least.

bc.. <?php
require_once 'path/to/koi/lib/koi.php';

class MyApplication extends Koi\Application
{
  public function example_method()
  {
    return "Hello, world!";
  }
}

$app = new MyApplication();

$app->map('/', 'example_method');
$app->run();

h2. Requirements

The only requirement of Koi is PHP 5.3. That's right, PHP 5.3 Koi uses interfaces, namespaces
and a few other elements provided by PHP 5.3.

h2. Installation

Installing Koi is super easy. You can either manually download it or use Git. After downloading
the files all you have to do is to require the file "koi.php" found in lib/koi.php.

h2. License

Koi is licensed under the MIT license, a copy of this license can be found in the file "LICENSE".